The Joe Rogan experience.
I used to actually could touch the rim almost dunk, but my knees was like, yo,
I don't care what you put on 'em fam. We ain't doing it. Did.
You see the Tom Sura dunk? You didn't see what happened? No. No. Oh,
I gotta show you something.
Tom Sagura went to dump dunk and as he's running towards the net,
he blows out his patella tendon as he is leaping up in the air,
his knee blows out and then he falls and lands on his arm,
snaps his arm in half.
So he blew out his knee and his arm all in one terrible
maneuver. And they did it all on video.
Him and Burt were having a dunk competition. And now Tom has a, uh,
he's got this thing on his, his hand because his nerves got damaged.
<laugh> and he's watch this.
You okay?
No, no, he's.
Not. Okay. Watch this boom. Look at the arm breaks. Yeah.
Okay. Okay.
He's arm.
Okay. Can you call nine.
Call nine one go.
For, <laugh>.
Not good.
That's why it's good to be a little athletic cuz occasionally you and your
stupid friends want to have like a ridiculous competition for a video.
This.
Is the, this that's the reason why wives yell at husband? No,
don't go. <laugh> like, are you gonna play basketball again? Like,
like it's like.
But that's not even regular basketball. They were just,
they were just dunking over and.
Over and over again. So, um, I'm quite sure, you know, bill Bellamy. Sure.
So bill Bellamy's, um, road manager,
Terrance they're shooting, just shooting around in the gym,
just shooting regular shooting. And it's always this man you need man,
pull up on your own, your toes lifts up on your toes and shoot that ball.
So he lifts up on his toes and blows out whatever's back there is <laugh>
is gone. Achilles. He is.
Achilles. Oh no, that's a bad one.
Like yo I'm like, see I'm like,
don't listen to people when you're just shooting around.
Just listen to yourself. Just I'm just gonna do this.
I'm just gonna to lay the ball up. Not doing if so. I'm like, ah.
That's why when I go to the gym, I intentionally put on cowboy boots. <laugh>
intentionally. I'm like cowboy boots and shorts for me, man.
I'm not cowboy boots. I don't want nobody to try to convince me to do anything.
I'm like, no, I'm not doing it. Yeah.
I remember the last time I was convinced I'm not doing it.
What was what convinced you last time?
Oh, Hey man. First it always start with you played football.
Didn't you like? <laugh> that?
I think it's been more injuries started with that right there.
So you play football <laugh> so I'm like, yeah, we, you know,
we all play football. So me, my friends, we out there in dress shoes.
Mind you? Oh no. In dress.
We supposed to be running one little quick little route this way. Nope.
Out we outside the gym. Cause this is the only place where it is called.
Like it's no. Cause like yo, we go right there to LA fitness.
<laugh> like, but why? Like why do you know what LA fitness is right now?
Like why do you even know? <laugh> like, how does he, first of all,
how does he even start? You? Like, yo,
he going go to LA fitness that we out there just throwing the ball, Nerf ball,
not even a real football Nerf, you know, that's what he had in his car.
A little Nerf with the little, with the little, um,
I think they got some new ones where they twist or something.
Cause my NEF balls were smooth. This was, has little waves in it,
throwing the ball. And I cut, forgetting that I have on dress shoes.
Cause now you getting competitive person catch the ball, see that's touchdown.
First of all, you know, we close to, first of all, there's okay.
If that's the pole down there, you're nowhere close to it, sir.
You know what I'm saying? So now, now it's competitive.
Now <laugh> now up on the line. You know,
now you really being what you saw on TV. Now you being a safety and I cut,
I cut that dress shoe, that heel call a little gravel.
And it's hard to explain the side of your face being scratched up.
Like you, you cause the gravel scratch.
It's like when like fall off a motorcycle and you get the, the cement rash,
turf rash. So I'm just like side of my face is scratched up.
My hand is scratched up and I'm like, huh, okay.
Now I gotta go home and explain why my face is bleeding.
You supposed to be at the club, sir. How did,
how did you come from the club to this? Okay. Let me tell you what happened.
<laugh> okay. We were drinking and someone said you played football, didn't you.
And then <laugh> then all of a sudden you in the LA fitness, you know,
gym parking lot, throwing a nerve ball with dress shoes on dress shoes.
On catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.